this puppy was rejected by his mother at
birth but he's had the good fortune to
be adopted by a cat her mothering
hormones are so strong she accepts him
as her own the puppy was born on the
same day and he happily adapts to his
new family
but kittens live by different social
rules even when they suckle
they nametag teats with their own
individual scent and return to it each
time this simple rule maintains peace
and harmony during feeding time but for
dogs pack life requires fighting for
your share in the rough and tumble of
competing mouths this puppy breaks all
of the cat's social conventions his wild
instincts express themselves despite his
unusual family
ultimately the puppies needs and his
foster mother's nurturing feelings
overcome any differences for now but as
adults these top predators will differ
in almost every detail
when a cat drinks he uses a refined
technique the rough upper side of his
tongue Carles downwards to pick up the
liquid using surface tension
it pulls the column of milk up into his
mouth without making any mess at all
[Music]
a solitary hunter can afford to take his
time it's a different matter when you
hunt as a pack a dog also pulls a column
into his mouth
but unlike cats he shapes his tongue
into a Lidl the slosh more liquidity for
pack animals beating your rivals to a
drink is more important than cleanliness
x-rays shows how the milk is thrown back
once at five times the force of gravity
and his mouth shuts like a trap as it is
swallow
[Music]
it might be affected but it's far
Messier from the cat
[Music]